[Music]
all right we begin with some breaking
news coming out the military wing of
Hamas the kasan Brigade says it has
released two Americans who were taken
captive during the group's attack on
Israel on October the 7th two civilians
said to be a mother and her daughter now
the group says they were released in
response to Cy mediation efforts they
said the release also was on
humanitarian reasons to prove to the
American people people in the world the
claims made by the US president and what
they put it as his fascist
Administration are false and baseless so
that's the statement by Kasam brigades
announcing the release of
two hostages a mother and her daughter
let's go to TK Abu AUM he's in Khan
Unice inside Gaza can you tell us TK
what is we we we heard this announcement
that they are releasing what is the
status of the actual release has it
happened well uh generally uh during the
last hour the official spokesman of the
alasam Brigade ABA had stated that they
have released two uh American captives
uh from the Gaza Strip uh for
humanitarian reasons uh and this had
been carried out under catery
supervision uh the this according to the
uh to the official spokesman uh to the
military official spokesman he said that
uh this release had been uh uh directed
under the uh Kat Supervision in order to
prove for the International Community
that Biden Administration claims are
groundless and uh maybe uh this kind of
release uh is a clear indication that
the militant group is dealing with the
its hostages according to the principles
of the international law and to show for
the International Community and for the
entire world that uh the they are
treating uh the hostages in a very
peaceful humanitarian way that must be
also been uh be back to Palestinians as
well are there any other signals coming
out about the possibility or the desire
the appetite for mediation
negotiations well till this uh current
moment there is no any uh potential uh
mediation talk place on the ground that
might really bring a SE fire at the end
to the Gaza Strip what is happening
right now is mediations carried out by
qat and different Regional actors in
order to uh enter to provide Gaza Strip
with the humanitarian AIDS and even to
uh release the hostages uh have been
captured by the captured by the
Palestinian uh Fighters inside the
besieged territory any further uh any
further potential uh uh mediation
efforts will be carried out in the uh
coming days might really bring a kind of
uh a temperor uh generally ceas fire
that might
be applied in the Gaza Strip but till
this current moment there is no any
further confirmation about any possible
ceasefire agreement could be reached
between Palestinian Fighters and the
Israeli occupation forces all right
we'll leave it there let's thank
very much and let's take this now